website/src/pages/hackboard/Overview.mdx, before:

# Overview

Welcome to the keyboard section of hackpad! This section isn't completely finished, but here's roughly how it'll work and what's different from the macropad portion:

## Eligibility
First, you must have an approved PR for a macropad. It's okay if it hasn't been delivered to you yet! Just make sure it's merged

## YOUR PROJECT IS ACTUALLY COMPLETE:
- It has a complete CAD assembly, with all components (including electronics)
- You have firmware present, even if it's untested
- You have sanity checked your design with someone else
- (optional) you have a 3D render of your project!

## YOUR GITHUB REPOSITORY CONTAINS ALL OF YOUR PROJECT FILES:
- a BOM, in CSV format in the root directory, WITH LINKS
- the source files for your PCB, if you have one (.kicad_pro, .kicad_sch, gerbers.zip, etc)
- A .STEP file of your project's 3D CAD model (and ideally the source design file format as well - .f3d, .FCStd, etc)
- ANY other files that are part of your project (firmware, libraries, references, etc)

Your keeb must also be shipped\
In short, shipping is process of **actually making your project sharable.** It's the most important part of your project, almost as important as the entire project itself
- Documenting what your project actually is:
    - A quick story/motivation on how the project came to be
    - A description of what the project does
    - A quick brief on how it all fits together
    - Some pictures of the design
- Making all files & resources easily accessible & organized
- Putting it on a platform that's easily shareable (i.e github)

## Deadline
Tentatively, the deadline is March 16th, but Feb 16th if you're only making a macropad. if you're making a full-sized keyboard. This may be extended, but it's unlikely

## Guides
Currently, there is no official guide as I'm not done my example! Instead, i'll be hosting workshops throughout the period where we can all come together and spend nights building our keyboards together

Afterwards, I'll make a writeup for you to base yours off of.

## Approved parts
Instead of having a set list, there are no required parts! Instead, you'll have limits on each part of your grant. All prices listed **include shipping**:

- **PCB:** No limit! It just needs to fall under the requirements in the [FAQ](/faq)
- **Switches:** You're limited to a max value of $0.50/switch, *including shipping*. This should give you a good amount of variety.
- **Fasteners (screws nuts etc):** $15
- **Keycaps:** $25 - won't get you a very good set, but should give you something manageable.
- **Stabilizers:** $20 - go get those TX AP, Durock, etc stabs! Your board should feel good
- **Misc Electronics:** $15 - this is for stuff like:
    - Diodes (\<$0.10/each)
    - Resistors (\<$0.05/each)
    - Kailh Hotswap Sockets (\<$0.20/each)
    - 0.96" or 0.91" OLED displays (\<$3/each)
    - Misc LEDs (will depend what specifically you get)
    - Rotary Encoders (\<$1/each)

    The prices in brackets are roughly what you should expect them to cost before shipping. Ask in #hackpad for sourcing tips!
- **Any other parts:** pitch me first - this is for stuff like rubber gaskets, dampening foam, etc.

These are hard limits unless there's a very specific exception. **You cannot take a grant from one part and move it to another.**

For the **MCU**, you have 2 options:
- up to 2 Orpheus Picos (for split keyboards), our in-house, drop-in replacement for the Raspberry Pi Pico.
- up to $8 for any MCU you want, including parts off LCSC if you want to integrate it. No exceptions for splits. 

You can source microcontrollers yourself if the grant doesn't cover it but you want to design around something else

For the case, you can either use 3D printed PLA plastic, 3mm acrylic, or both!

Commit message:

Enhance Overview with README and project visuals
Added sections for README content and project pictures.

website/src/pages/hackboard/Overview.mdx, after:

# Overview

Welcome to the keyboard section of hackpad! This section isn't completely finished, but here's roughly how it'll work and what's different from the macropad portion:

## Eligibility
First, you must have an approved PR for a macropad. It's okay if it hasn't been delivered to you yet! Just make sure it's merged

## YOUR PROJECT IS ACTUALLY COMPLETE:
- It has a complete CAD assembly, with all components (including electronics)
- You have firmware present, even if it's untested
- You have sanity checked your design with someone else
- (optional) you have a 3D render of your project!

## YOUR GITHUB REPOSITORY CONTAINS ALL OF YOUR PROJECT FILES:
- a BOM, in CSV format in the root directory, WITH LINKS
- the source files for your PCB, if you have one (.kicad_pro, .kicad_sch, gerbers.zip, etc)
- A .STEP file of your project's 3D CAD model (and ideally the source design file format as well - .f3d, .FCStd, etc)
- ANY other files that are part of your project (firmware, libraries, references, etc)

## YOUR README.md FILE CONTAINS THE FOLLOWING:
- A short description of what your project is
- A couple sentences on why you made the project

### PICTURES OF YOUR PROJECT
- A screenshot of a full 3D model with your project
- A screenshot of your PCB
- A BOM in table format at the end of the README

## Your keeb must also be shipped
In short, shipping is process of **actually making your project sharable.** It's the most important part of your project, almost as important as the entire project itself
- Documenting what your project actually is:
    - A quick story/motivation on how the project came to be
    - A description of what the project does
    - A quick brief on how it all fits together
    - Some pictures of the design
- Making all files & resources easily accessible & organized
- Putting it on a platform that's easily shareable (i.e github)

## Deadline
Tentatively, the deadline is March 16th, but Feb 16th if you're only making a macropad. if you're making a full-sized keyboard. This may be extended, but it's unlikely

## Guides
Currently, there is no official guide as I'm not done my example! Instead, i'll be hosting workshops throughout the period where we can all come together and spend nights building our keyboards together

Afterwards, I'll make a writeup for you to base yours off of.

## Approved parts
Instead of having a set list, there are no required parts! Instead, you'll have limits on each part of your grant. All prices listed **include shipping**:

- **PCB:** No limit! It just needs to fall under the requirements in the [FAQ](/faq)
- **Switches:** You're limited to a max value of $0.50/switch, *including shipping*. This should give you a good amount of variety.
- **Fasteners (screws nuts etc):** $15
- **Keycaps:** $25 - won't get you a very good set, but should give you something manageable.
- **Stabilizers:** $20 - go get those TX AP, Durock, etc stabs! Your board should feel good
- **Misc Electronics:** $15 - this is for stuff like:
    - Diodes (\<$0.10/each)
    - Resistors (\<$0.05/each)
    - Kailh Hotswap Sockets (\<$0.20/each)
    - 0.96" or 0.91" OLED displays (\<$3/each)
    - Misc LEDs (will depend what specifically you get)
    - Rotary Encoders (\<$1/each)

    The prices in brackets are roughly what you should expect them to cost before shipping. Ask in #hackpad for sourcing tips!
- **Any other parts:** pitch me first - this is for stuff like rubber gaskets, dampening foam, etc.

These are hard limits unless there's a very specific exception. **You cannot take a grant from one part and move it to another.**

For the **MCU**, you have 2 options:
- up to 2 Orpheus Picos (for split keyboards), our in-house, drop-in replacement for the Raspberry Pi Pico.
- up to $8 for any MCU you want, including parts off LCSC if you want to integrate it. No exceptions for splits. 

You can source microcontrollers yourself if the grant doesn't cover it but you want to design around something else

For the case, you can either use 3D printed PLA plastic, 3mm acrylic, or both!
